#summary A list of features which are planned for inclusion in a future release.
#labels Phase-Requirements,Featured

= Introduction =

This document lists all major features that are planned for inclusion in a future release of django-geo. The features listed here may have already been included in an SVN revision -- if this is the case this will always be indicated.

= The List =

  * *`GeoField` model field* -- this will facilitate easy geotagging of any item, much in the way that [http://django-tagging.googlecode.com/ django-tagging] does with its `TagField`
  * *Easy retrieval of geotagged items* -- this should have been included from the very beginning, but the code originated from a project where this functionality was not needed and subsequently left-out due to time constraints. This will be implemented with _top priority_ and is being presently being worked on (this will work using [http://www.djangoproject.com/documentation/contenttypes/ Django's contenttypes framework])
  * *Display of Locations on maps* -- to make the job of displaying the data on the front-end easier, Location objects should be allowed to be easily displayed on a variety of different map types (Google Maps, Yahoo! Maps, etc.)
  * *More unit tests* -- the current user tests are somewhat restricted. These will be expanded in time. 

= Suggestions =

This list is by no means complete, and there are many smaller improvements that are planned for future release, which will be added to the list progressively. If you have a suggestion for a feature, please do [http://code.google.com/p/django-geo/issues/entry submit a ticket] for `Type-Enhancement` and I'll certainly consider it for inclusion.